docs: Add details about OpenAI assistant memory (#2106)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.openai.md

	* Message Assistant
* Text
	* Message Model

> ### Using memory with OpenAI assistants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using memory with OpenAI assistants
```

> For the Assistant: Message operation, you can use the memory connector to preserve and retrieve chat history. This allows the assistant to maintain context across multiple messages. The connected memory sub-node is the source of truth for the assistant's memory. This means that we create a new thread on each run and pre-populate it with messages from the memory sub-node. After the run is completed, the memory sub-node is updated with the new messages, and the thread is deleted from OpenAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the **Assistant** >  **Message Assistant** operation, you can connect a memory sub-node to preserve and retrieve chat history. This allows the assistant to maintain context across multiple messages. The connected memory sub-node is the source of truth for the assistant's memory. This means that n8n creates a new thread on each run and pre-populates it with messages from the memory sub-node. After the run finishes, n8n updates the memory sub-node with the new messages, and deletes the thread from OpenAI.
```

> For the **Assistant** >  **Message Assistant** operation, you can connect a memory sub-node to preserve and retrieve chat history. This allows the assistant to maintain context across multiple messages. The connected memory sub-node is the source of truth for the assistant's memory. This means that n8n creates a new thread on each run and pre-populates it with messages from the memory sub-node. After the run finishes, n8n updates the memory sub-node with the new messages, and deletes the thread from OpenAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the  **Message Assistant** operation, you can connect a memory sub-node to preserve and retrieve chat history. The assistant uses this to maintain context across multiple messages. The connected memory sub-node is the source of truth for the assistant's memory. 

To do this, n8n uses OpenAI's [threads](https://platform.openai.com/docs/assistants/how-it-works/managing-threads-and-messages){:target=_blank .external-link}. n8n creates a new thread on each time the node executes, and pre-populates it with messages from the memory sub-node. After the run finishes, n8n updates the memory sub-node with the new messages, and deletes the thread from OpenAI.
```
